Minor edits of ROS 2 documentation for Galactic (#1481)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/About-Cross-Compilation.rst

There are a number of factors which make this process more complex:
- The software being built must support the target architecture. Architecture specific code must be properly isolated and enabled during the build according to the target architecture. Examples include assembly code.
- All dependencies (e.g. libraries) must be present, either as pre-built packages or also cross-compiled before the target software using them is cross-compiled.

> - When building software stacks (as opposed to standalone software) using build tools (e.g. colcon), it is expected from the build tool a mechanism to allow the developer to enable cross-compilation on the underlying build system used by each of software in the stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When building software stacks (as opposed to standalone software) using build tools (e.g. colcon), it is expected that the build tool provides a mechanism to allow the developer to enable cross-compilation on the underlying build system used by each piece of software in the stack.
```
